the half-ling book one in the fall of igneeria series kaylee soderburg copyright 2013 kaylee soderburg all rights reserved .
isbn : 1492913731 isbn-13 : 978-1492913733 for my family , who encouraged me to never stop fighting for my dreams chapter 1 summer vacations supposed to be fun , right ?
i wish i had a better answer to that question .
starlings , new york is not the place youd expect much to happen .
its a small quiet town , the kind where everyone knows your name .
its a place where your parents wouldnt even care if you stayed out late biking with your friends .
only because everyone felt so safe , so comfy .
they dont know the half of it .
but i do .
i know it all and starlings is not the place where you want to be after dark .
the only reason why no one knows this is because jason , emily , seth and i have kept it that way .
i walked along the empty road alone , occasionally waving to passing kids on bikes .
my backpack was slung over my shoulder , filled with my writing books and sketchpads .
i kept my eyes on the shadowed road , watching my every step .
usually i was more aware of my surroundings , but today i was tired and didnt care if i rammed into a tree .
i kicked a rock into the grass .
the sun was starting to set , painting the sky in brilliant oranges and reds .
it slipped down the sky , allowing the first stars to peek out from behind the bright curtain .
the remaining light cast shadows over everything , creating the illusion that there was double of everything .
the world prepared to go into its hours of unreal silence that made it seem magical , and it really was .
my phone buzzed and i awoke from my trance .
i thumbed the keypad and opened the message seth had sent me .
it read : whatcha doing ?
i flipped open the pad and wrote : walking home .
i shoved it back in my pocket and continued walking .
the sun was almost gone and shadows were starting to appear behind everything .
i looked at my own shadow , that danced behind me .
the phone buzzed again as seth sent me a reply .
see anything ?
do you want me to meet you ?
i glanced at the nearby woods .